The Mozambique special convention
is truly outstanding
for so many different reasons.
One thing
that has made this convention unique
is that we have so many courageous brothers
who have been in prison for their faith
from Angola, Korea, Malawi, Zimbabwe,
and from some of the countries in Europe
and who had to really stand up
and set an example.
And to have them all here
with our courageous
Mozambican brothers
has made this
convention so special.
It is very encouraging
to be at this special convention.
We have spent ten years
in the “reeducation camps”
along with our brothers from Malawi,
and we were at the same camp.
And today we are together
at this special convention.
It’s very encouraging.
In 1990, I was judged and condemned
to 15 months of prison in Paris.
We were about 100 brothers in prison.
They tried to shame us,
but thanks to Jehovah, we had courage.
And today this beautiful convention
fills us with even more courage.
I was one of the brothers serving
as a bicycle courier during the ban,
delivering literature long distances.
It was difficult work
because the police were searching for us.
Jehovah blessed us with courage,
giving us a heart without fear.
Because of our Christian neutrality,
we were in prison.
Although it was a difficult time,
Jehovah gave us courage to endure,
and now we are here together.
We really thank Jehovah for that.
I was arrested and sentenced
to six years in prison.
Despite all these difficulties,
today I feel very happy.
I feel very encouraged.
At this convention, we released
the Greek Scriptures  in Tshwa and Sena.
Thank you very much, Jehovah,
for this wonderful provision.
I will surely use it
while speaking about
Jehovah’s name in Tshwa.
We are so happy to have
this Bible in the Tshwa language.
It’s easy to read,
and it will improve our family worship.
Those were the first two local languages
in Mozambique to receive
any part of the New World Translation.
So it was a very exciting day!
This convention was tied
in to 18 locations in Mozambique.
A total of 1,685 were baptized.
I have faith in Jehovah
and want to have
a close relationship with him.
Many have commented
on the fact that among the 981
who were baptized in Maputo,
there were many young ones.
And it just shows
that the families here in Mozambique
are working very hard with their young ones
to help them to know Jehovah and love Jehovah
and to know what it means to be courageous.
To organize
a special convention
in Africa
requires a lot of work and a lot of planning.
But you can truly see
the blessing of Jehovah here
because everything has gone so beautifully
and the delegates are so happy!
You can really feel
that Jehovah’s spirit is with us.
Before the work
was banned in Mozambique,
we used to sing to Jehovah.
At the camps, we continued to sing joyfully.
Now with the special convention,
we continue to sing to our delegates.
Many of the delegates
commented that their favorite part
of the convention was going out
in the ministry with the local brothers.
Even though the brothers
may have very limited resources,
they showed them tremendous hospitality;
it made a huge impression.
Some of the delegates even said
that when they go back,
this is going to have
a life-changing effect on them.
We want to assure
these dear brothers and sisters
that the Governing Body loves them.
But greater than that,
Jehovah God knows about them;
he loves them; he’s supporting them.